docs: Add a section Node Auto Repair (#7622)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/preview/concepts/disruption.md

To enable interruption handling, configure the `--interruption-queue` CLI argument with the name of the interruption queue provisioned to handle interruption events.

> ### Node Auto Repair 

Reviewer: I wonder if we think about doing something like this where we document the feature state next to the feature description -- gives a quick overview that this isn't a stable feature and you could even include a pointer to the feature flag portion of the documentation

<img width="606" alt="Screenshot 2025-01-22 at 10 31 55 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/daaa74c6-43ff-483e-9ab2-ca16b95c6c2c" />

Node Auto Repair is a feature that automatically identifies and replaces unhealthy nodes in your cluster, helping to maintain overall cluster health. Nodes can experience various types of failures affecting their hardware, file systems, or container environments. These failures may be surfaced through node conditions such as network unavailability, disk pressure, memory pressure, or other conditions reported by node diagnostic agents. When Karpenter detects these unhealthy conditions, it automatically replaces the affected nodes based on cloud provider-defined repair policies. Once a node has been in an unhealthy state beyond its configured toleration duration, Karpenter will forcefully terminate the node and its corresponding NodeClaim, bypassing the standard drain and termination grace period procedures to ensure swift replacement of problematic nodes. This ensures your cluster remains in a healthy state with minimal manual intervention, even in scenarios where normal node termination procedures might be impacted by the node's unhealthy state.

To enable Node Auto Repair: 

>   1.  Ensure you have a [Node Monitoring Agent](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_us/eks/latest/userguide/node-health.html) deployed(e.g., Node Problem Detector)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1.  Ensure you have a [Node Monitoring Agent](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_us/eks/latest/userguide/node-health.html) deployed (e.g., Node Problem Detector)
```

nit

Reviewer: Should we indicate when we are saying that you are supposed to enable this agent that whatever agent that you add should add conditions to the node so that Karpenter can match these up with the repair policies

>   2.  Enable the feature flag: NodeRepair=true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2.  Enable the feature flag: `NodeRepair=true`
```

nit

>   3.  The feature will automatically begin monitoring nodes based on your cloud provider's repair policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3.  The feature will automatically begin monitoring nodes based on your cloud provider's repair policies
```
```suggestion
  3.  Node AutoRepair will the automatically begin terminating nodes when they go unhealthy based on your cloud provider's repair policies
```

> 

Reviewer: Should we mention anything about the rate limiting that we implemented to ensure that we don't terminate too many of these nodes at once?

To enable Node Auto Repair: 
  1.  Ensure you have a [Node Monitoring Agent](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_us/eks/latest/userguide/node-health.html) deployed or any agent that will add status conditions to nodes that are supported (e.g., Node Problem Detector)
  2.  Enable the feature flag: `NodeRepair=true`

>   3.  Node AutoRepair will the automatically begin terminating nodes when they go unhealthy based on your cloud provider's repair policies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3.  Node AutoRepair will automatically terminate nodes when they have unhealthy status conditions based on your cloud provider's repair policies
```
